GronOR Non-Orthogonal Configuration Interaction

Authors: T. P. Straatsma, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Oak Ridge, TN
	 C. de Graaf, University Rovira i Virgili, Tarragona, Spain
	 R. W. A. Havenith, University of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands
	 R. K. Kathir, University of Groningen, Groningen, Netherlands

Please cite the following reference when publishing results obtained using GronOR:

         T. P. Straatsma, R. Broer, S. Faraji, R. W. A. Havenith,L. E. Aguilar Suarez,
         R. K. Kathir, M. Wibowo,and C.de Graaf,
         "GronOR: Massively parallel and GPU-accelerated non-orthogonal configuration
          interaction for large molecular systems",
         Journal of Chemical Physics, 152 (2020), https://doi.org/10.1063/1.5141358


Downloading from the GitLab repository:

git clone --recursive git@gitlab.com:gronor/gronor.git


The initial directory structure is as follows:

gronor --- src            (source directory with sub-directories)
        |
	-- include        (with a few include files)
	|
	-- CMakeLists.txt (the cmake build file)


To build, do the following within the gronor directory;

1. mkdir build
2. cd build
3. cmake [flags] ../
4. make -j 10

This will expand the directory structure as follows:

gronor --- src            (source directory with sub-directories)
        |
	-- include        (with a few include files)
	|
	-- CMakeLists.txt (the cmake build file)
	|
	-- build --- bin  (directory with the gronor binary)
	          |
		  -- lib  (directory with the gronor libraries)
		  |
		  -- CMakeFiles  (cmake files created during build)


The following rules need to be followed for the src subdirectories:

1. programs in a single source file in a subdirectory with the same name
2. library files in a subdirectory will be in a single library


Build flags are the following:

-DMPI=ON is default as GronOR requires a minimum of 2 MPI ranks to run
-DOPENACC=ON will activate OpenACC directives to be interpreted for PGI compilers 
-DOPENMP=ON will activate OpenMP directives to be interpreted for most compilers 
-DCUSOLVER=ON will activate the CUSOLVER library, and requires -DOPENACC=ON
-DMKL=ON will link against MKL libraries for compatible compilers

GronOR is interfaced with OpenMolcas for integrals and CASSCF orbital coefficients.
Some minor changes in the OpenMolcas source code are required for GronOR to properly 
function per the instructions in the file OpenMolcas-GronOR.pdf.
